.TH RING-2ZERO 1 "2026-07-21" "ring-2zero 0.300.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
ring-2zero \- Wayland screen streaming server over WebRTC
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ring-2zero
.RI [ OPTIONS ]
.br
.B r2zr
.RI [ OPTIONS ]
.RB ( shorthand " alias, set up by " install.sh )
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B ring-2zero
captures your screen \(em DMA-BUF zero-copy on wlroots compositors
(niri, sway), or via the PipeWire portal on GNOME/KDE/X11 \(em and
streams it live to any browser over a WebRTC DataChannel. No X11
forwarding, no VNC client, just a URL.
.PP
Tile-based diff encoding with adaptive WebP quality keeps bandwidth
low. The browser client is served by this same binary, on the same
host/port as the WebSocket signaling channel, including over TLS for
remote access (see
.B ENVIRONMENT
below and the Remote access section of README.md for Tailscale setup).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Print usage and exit.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-adaptive
Skip the startup CPU benchmark that picks a tile-merging aggressiveness;
use the default
.B merge_gap=0
instead.
.TP
.B \-\-debug
Verbose per-tile/per-frame diagnostics, printed every 100 frames.
.SH USAGE
Once running, open
.B http://<this\-host>:9001
in a browser. The auth token printed on startup is the connection
password, prompted for on first load and remembered in the browser's
.BR localStorage .
No separate client file or static file server is needed \(em the page
is served by this same binary.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B RING2ZERO_TOKEN
Fixed auth token, instead of a fresh random one generated each run.
.TP
.B RING2ZERO_TLS_CERT\fR,\fB RING2ZERO_TLS_KEY
PEM certificate/key file paths to serve
.B wss://
instead of
.BR ws:// .
Required for Safari/iOS, which refuse WebRTC on an insecure page.
.TP
.B RING2ZERO_ICE_INTERFACE
Restrict ICE candidate gathering to one named network interface (e.g.
.IR tailscale0 )
on a multi-homed machine.
.TP
.B RING2ZERO_IPV4_ONLY
Set to any value to exclude IPv6 ICE candidates.
.TP
.B RING2ZERO_MAX_FPS
Cap
.IR target_fps , " static_tile_fps" ,
and
.I dynamic_tile_fps
uniformly to a given value, clamped to 1\(en1000.
.TP
.B RUST_LOG
Standard
.B env_logger
filter syntax; set to
.I ice=debug,webrtc_ice=debug,mdns=debug,webrtc_mdns=debug
for verbose ICE/mDNS connectivity diagnostics.
.TP
.B NO_COLOR
When set, the startup banner and
.B \-\-help
output skip ANSI color codes (https://no\-color.org).
.TP
.B PAGER
Pager used for
.B \-\-help
output on a terminal; defaults to
.B "less \-R \-F \-X" .
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.cache/screen\-streamer/cpu_bench.json
Cached CPU benchmark result from
.BR \-\-no\-adaptive 's
opposite (adaptive) startup path, invalidated after 7 days or a CPU/binary
change.
.SH SEE ALSO
Full reference, architecture, and the wire protocol:
.I README.md
and
.I docs/DEVELOPMENT.md
in the project repository, https://github.com/tarilka0gg/Ring\-2Zero.
